This is the Ming Emperor's banquet for Qin Zhanshen to take office as the motherland
Really impressive.
Did you see that?
Arrived today
But they are all top-tier people in the middle and lower classes.
War God Qin is the first female war god of Great Xia
I have to sit in the middle and lower
lower middle
World celebrities all want to meet Qin Zhanshen in advance
Thank you.
Why don't I introduce you to other big people?
How did it go?
Ye Feifan
What are you doing here?
Why can't I come?
I told you before.
At this imperial banquet, I will prove it with facts
What I said is true.
I ask you what are you doing here?
I just wanted to tell you that I didn't lie today.
Trash, what else can you do but lie?
If I'm not mistaken
You must have mixed in, right?
After all, you can fake an invitation
You can fake the second one.
Haha so
You really sneaked in with a fake invitation
It was Qin Jing who brought me in